Actionable Steps Individual Investors can take towards MOASS!
=============================================================

| Author       | Source       | 
| :-------------: |:-------------:|
|  [u/yolosapeien](https://www.reddit.com/user/yolosapeien/) | [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/GMEJungle/comments/p1dpqm/actionable_steps_individual_investors_can_take/) | 

---

[Opinion ✌](https://www.reddit.com/r/GMEJungle/search?q=flair_name%3A%22Opinion%20%E2%9C%8C%22&restrict_sr=1)

Hello Fellow Apes, I see a lot of talk about what's going to trigger the MOASS. Market Collapse, NFT Dividend, New Laws/Policies, etc. Almost all of it boils down to sit back and wait for something or someone else to take the wheel. While there are lots of things/people that could eventually, one day, possibly start the MOASS, sitting around twiddling your thumbs and wishing isn't going to help much. Every day that passes is another day that these greedy fucks get to try and find a way to wiggle out of their trap or funnel more money off shore. I do not believe there is any way for them to completely get out free and clear, but I don't know what kind of schemes they have cooking up, but I do know that the longer MOASS gets pushed out, the more time they have to come up with more evil shit to do. So, what is an ape to do? Buy and Hold is always the play, I will never try to sway anyone from this and anyone who tries to push any other narrative does not have your best interests in mind. Buying should be done through a reputable broker and on the IEX exchange if possible. There are lots of posts about this, look it up. This post is going to address the best way one can hold. How can an ape holding onto the shares of the stock they like, apply the most pressure to the shorts thus speeding up the launch date?

Direct Registered Shares!

Hopefully you have heard a bit about this as it has been making the rounds, but if not, that's okay. I am a huge fan of DRS and have over half of my XXX(thanks for the dip!) shares Direct Registered in my name through Computershare and am in the process of making that number begin with a 6 and end with a 9. Just so you know Computershare is the Transfer Agent for GameStop. This means that they handle everything to do with GameStop stock. They handled the voting, they would handle any dividend(NFT) that GameStop releases, and they maintain the books for every share that GameStop releases. To do this they use the DRS(Direct Registration System) which keeps track of who exactly every share is Direct Registered to. All of the insider owners like Ryan Cohen and Matt Furlong have their shares Direct Registered in their name through Computershare. When you buy a share through your broker, that share has been Direct Registered to Cede&Co who is the holding company for the DTCC. You are the beneficial owner, but they are the real owner. You have most of the rights, but that share is Direct Registered to Cede&Co so they can use it as leverage/collateral for debts, or short positions. You can vote, but you have to get proxy voting materials through your broker. If an NFT dividend was released, you would not get one until post MOASS after the entire short situation is unwound. Being a beneficial owner is good for speed. That's why it's so easy to buy and sell stock through your broker. Buying and selling through Computershare is not that easy. Holding shares you are planning on selling during the MOASS in a reputable broker is arguably the best place to hold those shares because timing is important in that situation, but what about all those other shares you have?

That's right, if you're anything like me you just keep buying and buying even though you passed the number of shares you thought you would need months ago and now you find yourself with so many shares that selling all of them at the recommended floor would make you a billionaire multiple times over and who has time for all of that? So, what is an ape to do with all these long term shares? Direct Register those bad bois! Why? Because having your GameStop shares Direct Registered through Computershare is the safest/most beneficial place you can hold them! As a Direct Registered share holder" you receive annual and other reports, dividends, proxies, and other communication directly from the company"( <https://www.sec.gov/reportspubs/investor-publications/investorpubsholdsechtm.html>). This removes all the middlemen who have been fucking us this whole time. Remember all the voting proxy drama? All that is sent directly to you, you don't even have to ask. You know those sweet NFT dividends we've all been dreaming of? Direct Registered Owners get it as soon as it's released! You don't have to wait for all this shit to be sorted out, you are on the books of the company as a shareholder. That dividend doesn't have to go to Cede&Co and then to the DTCC and then to the original broker and then all the other brokers who have had a hand in that synthetic or real share, where they have to trace all the fuckery that's been tied to that share and close out every short position on the way and then after months of insanity, if you held onto your share the whole time, and your broker didn't sell the share out from under you, you get the dividend. Personally I would much rather have my forever shares be clear of all that fuckery and get my sweet dividend ASAP.

Plus, Direct Registering shares can kick off the MOASS! Every share you Direct Register in your name is removed from Cede&Cos name which in turn removes it from the DTCC which forces all debts/short positions leveraged against that share to be closed. The share is no longer on their books. They have zero right to any part of that share. Since just Germany alone owns the float, and we all know there are millions more apes than that, if enough apes Direct Registered enough of their shares it would pull every share of the float from the DTCC leaving them with no leverage for all the short positions still out there. I don't think we would even have to get the entire float Direct Registered, just enough to reach the tipping point. Again, if enough apes were to Direct Register enough shares there would be no leverage against all the short positions. It could trigger the MOASS! There have been posts contemplating what percentage of shares would need to be held forever to achieve an infinity pool and I think it was like 16%, 20% max. I'm personally keeping 69%, but that's just me. Another benefit of Direct Registered shares is that you can use them as leverage/collateral just like Cede&Co do. That means you can access their worth without ever selling them. Hello Infinity Pool!

Anyway, this is kind of a mess as I didn't have nearly as much time as I thought I would to focus on this while at work. I will probably come through and edit the formatting as I read back through. Also, I am not any kind of financial advice person. I am just an ape who likes a stock and swimming in pools that stretch out forever. Main Point is that we are not powerless in all of this. Each individual has rights and power to own the stock they like. Like, REALLY own it. If enough people claim that right, we can be our own fucking fuse!
