OFFICIAL AMA - Justin Dopierala, Founder and President of DOMO Capital Management LLC - 4/20 @ 4:20 p.m. CT
===========================================================================================================

**Author: [u/AutoModerator](https://www.reddit.com/user/AutoModerator/)**

**[Source](https://www.reddit.com/r/Superstonk/comments/mtnian/official_ama_justin_dopierala_founder_and/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)**

OC[AMA 🏆](https://www.reddit.com/r/Superstonk/search?q=flair_name%3A%22AMA%20%F0%9F%8F%86%22&restrict_sr=1)

This is the Official AMA (Ask Me Anything) for Justin Dopierala, the Founder and President of DOMO Capital Management LLC. Please leave comments and questions below, and the sooner the better so Justin can prepare some great answers. This post will remain active until April 20 @ 4:20 p.m. CT, at which point it will be locked and Justin will appear on Youtube livestream via the link below to answer questions live.

He also would like you all to know that he accepts the hardball questions, but remember to be honest and ask earnest questions, as to be respectful of Justin's time. Thank you Justin!!!

A message from Justin Dopierala:

Hey everyone -- really looking forward to the AMA on 4/20 at 4:20 PM Central Time. DOMO Capital is a state-registered investment advisor that manages money for clients identically through separately managed accounts.  Our YouTube channel has a [great video that gives a brief 5 minute introduction on our company](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3rCaBlsLlWJagcpbsais4w) that might answer some of the questions you would have. You can read more about our [philosophy, discipline, and process on our website](https://www.domocapital.com/philosophy.html) where you can also view our [Fact Sheet](https://www.domocapital.com/factsheet.html).

A lot of you are probably aware of DOMO Capital from our Twitter posts, but we're also one of the few "OGs" when it comes to GameStop.  In fact, we are currently shooting footage, at this very moment, for what will be the one and only legitimate GameStop documentary which is being produced by Jonah Tulis and Submarine Entertainment for one of the top distributors in the world ([you can read more about it here](https://deadline.com/2021/02/jonah-tulis-gamestop-documentary-submarine-1234687991/)). I am the Midwestern father of two that is mentioned in the write-up.

I started investing clients of DOMO Capital into GameStop back in 2018. As time went on, I started to get frustrated with bearish article after bearish article framing GameStop in a way that was completely inaccurate. Therefore, I decided that action needed to be taken, and I started writing about GameStop in May of 2019. I ended up writing [6 articles on GameStop through October of 2020](https://seekingalpha.com/author/justin-dopierala#regular_articles&ticker=gme). It is true that we sold our last shares in January of 2021 in the $40's, but we were also buying shares of GME for our clients in the mid $2's. I've had the pleasure of having many conversations with many of the main people involved: Ryan Cohen, Senvest, Kurt Wolf, George Sherman, Jim Bell, etc.

[Here is a link to my bio](https://www.domocapital.com/team.html) - I am by no means an expert on the intricacies of what goes on behind the scenes in the market from a trading standpoint. I will answer your questions in this regard as best I can, but don't expect any great insights from me on fail to delivers or anything like that. It is likely beyond my comprehension!

I am looking forward to the AMA and am truly happy to answer any questions you have. In no way should any of my comments be construed as financial advice as this AMA is for educational purposes only.

DOMO Capital is known for going against the grain and doing things a little differently and this AMA will be no different.  Instead of responding to your comments with comments -- we are going to host a live stream from our YouTube channel and answer the questions on video. Chat on the stream will be turned off so that we can focus solely on the questions that are being asked of us on Reddit.

[JOIN THE LIVESTREAM HERE](https://youtu.be/lSSajuW0kQI) - starts April 20 @ 4:20 p.m. CT

---

DISCLAIMER:

DOMO Capital Management, LLC ("DOMO") is a state-registered investment adviser in Wisconsin and Michigan. Justin R. Dopierala is the President and Founder, and a registered investment adviser representative, of DOMO. Additional information about DOMO is disclosed in our Form ADV, which is available upon request. All information contained herein is for general informational purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation or an offer to provide investment advisory services in any jurisdiction. The investment strategy discussed herein may not be suitable for everyone. Investors need to review an investment strategy for their own particular situation before making any investment decision. We believe the information obtained from any third-party resources to be reliable, but we do not guarantee its accuracy, timeliness or completeness. The opinions, estimates, projections, comments on financial market trends and other information contained herein constitute our judgment and are as of the date of the material, are subject to change without notice at any time in reaction to shifting market conditions and other factors and should not be construed as personalized investment advice. DOMO has no obligation to provide any updates or changes to such information.

Past performance is not indicative of future results. The opinions presented cannot be viewed as an indicator of future performance. It should not be assumed that investments made in the future will be profitable or will equal the performance represented herein. More recent returns may be more or less than those shown. Investing entails risk, including possible loss of principal. DOMO does not guarantee any minimum level of investment performance or the success of any investment strategy. The DOMO Concentrated All Cap Value Composite (the "DOMO Composite") includes all accounts managed by DOMO employing the Concentrated All Cap Value strategy. A complete description of the strategy and its attendant risks is included in our Form ADV Part 2A brochure. The inception date of the DOMO Composite was October 8, 2008. Mr. Dopierala has served as a portfolio manager for the strategy since inception. The benchmark index reflected herein, the S&P 500 Total Return Index (the "S&P 500 TR Index"), is a capitalization-weighted index of 500 stocks from a broad range of industries. The component stocks are weighted according to the total market value of their outstanding shares. Index returns are provided to represent the investment environment existing during the time periods shown. Indexes are unmanaged and do not include management fees, transaction costs and other expenses that are incurred in connection with a managed account. An index will include a different degree of investment in individual securities, industries or sectors from DOMO's investment strategy. Indexes do not predict future results. The benchmark index is shown for comparative purposes only. Investors cannot invest directly in an index. The returns for the DOMO Composite and the S&P 500 TR Index include reinvestment of dividends and other earnings. Returns for periods longer than one year are annualized unless otherwise noted. Cumulative returns are the aggregate amount that an investment has gained or lost, independent of the period of time involved, presented as a percentage.

Gross performance figures do not reflect the deduction of management fees and custodial fees, but do reflect all trading expenses and all expenses charged by underlying funds and investment vehicles. Client returns will be reduced by management fees and other expenses incurred in connection with a managed account. Inclusion of references to individual securities is intended for illustrative purposes only. References to specific securities should not be viewed as representative of an entire portfolio, nor should the performance of any particular security be viewed as representative of the performance experienced by any other security or portfolio. It should not be assumed that future recommendations will be profitable or will equal the performance of securities included herein.
