BlackRock & The Great Reset (Part 3)
====================================

| Author       | Source       | 
| :-------------: |:-------------:|
|  [u/Exceedingly](https://www.reddit.com/user/Exceedingly/) | [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/Superstonk/comments/ommgb0/blackrock_the_great_reset_part_3/) | 

---

[DD ðŸ‘¨â€ðŸ”¬](https://www.reddit.com/r/Superstonk/search?q=flair_name%3A%22DD%20%F0%9F%91%A8%E2%80%8D%F0%9F%94%AC%22&restrict_sr=1)

Welcome back. If you're still with me after readingÂ [Part 1](https://reddit.com/r/Superstonk/comments/ommfn7/blackrock_the_great_reset_part_1/?)Â &Â [Part 2](https://reddit.com/r/Superstonk/comments/ommfz1/blackrock_the_great_reset_part_2/?)Â then well done, you've got some serious stamina. We're nearly there now.

* * * * *

* * * * *

RECAP

(You've probably learned by now I'm useless at short TLDRs) In Part 2 I looked at how Fidelity might have caused the Jan squeezes in 21 stocks by recalling these shares after they had been lent out for years. This would have been possible if Shitadel had rehypothecated Fidelity's shares many times over, meaning those shares were propping up a tower of phantom shares far greater than their face value. The stocks which squeezed the most in Jan were the ones that had previously undergone stock buybacks or had low total outstanding shares to start with, which makes sense as both of these things hurt short sellers. GME had undergone the biggest stock buyback out of them all, so this stock seems to have been setup to hurt short sellers the most. I carried on looking at share lending and theorized that the margin call Melvin Securities received in Jan was from companies likeÂ [BlackRock](https://i.imgur.com/EHtH9nB.jpg)Â & Vanguard who still had millions of GME lent out, this could also explain why the margin call was reduced; BlackRock works closely with the Fed and therefore probably with the DTCC too, so the DTCC could have persuaded BlackRock to lower their demands. I looked at BlackRock's share lending brochure and saw they were possibly the only share lender willing to accept UST bonds as collateral, and this would have given Shitadel & Co a cheap way to start shorting stock as Shitadel owns Palafox Trading which deals with UST bonds (please readingÂ [/u/Atobitt](https://www.reddit.com/u/Atobitt/)'sÂ ['The Everything Short'](https://reddit.com/r/GME/comments/mgucv2/the_everything_short/)Â for more info on this). I went on to see how BlackRock did not buy many puts during the 2020 crash unlike previous rocky periods and BlackRock went on to sell $ hundreds of billions worth of stock during the 2020 crash, only to buy most of this right back a few weeks later. Both of these points suggest to me BlackRock helped dip the markets so there would be a need for emergency action, and this led to the SLR rule being relaxed, making it easier for banks to spend during the pandemic. This measure should have been used to prop up a suffering economy, but it seems the banks instead used it to further Shitadel's shorting efforts. To me this all started to seem like BlackRock had a long term plan to allow the markets to implode, but why would Larry Fink want this to happen? We'll look at that below.

* * * * *

* * * * *

8\. THE GREAT RESET

-   The Great Reset is a term that started getting flung around during the pandemic, it's the idea of building back better after the covid crisis with the goal of net-zero carbon emissions being a big part of this. We're probably all used to these kinds of ideas being thrown around without much action backing it up, but to me this seems different, there could actually be a serious plan in motion to trigger this reset and it seems BlackRock is a key player in it.Â [Articles like this](https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/great-reset-blackrock-fueling-120-210000214.html)Â suggest that BlackRock is somehow fueling a transfer of wealth worth $120 trillion to pump that money into sustainable companies:

> Big money is turning its back on companies that aren't conforming to one simple idea, Sustainability. And it's fueling one of the biggest transfers of capital the world has ever seen. In fact, within a year, 77% of institutional investors will stop buying into companies that aren't, in some way, sustainable. And the new King of Wall Street is leading the charge. BlackRock, with over $7 trillion in assets under management, says its clients will double their ESG investments in just five years.

-   I don't know specifically how this redistribution of wealth is planning to work,Â [this article](https://www.forbes.com/sites/thebakersinstitute/2020/10/26/green-lng--a-pathway-for-natural-gas-in-an-esg-future/?sh=acaa68966e92)Â links off that one above and says:

> Already, more than 3,100 investors with $110 trillion in assets under management have signed on to the Principles for Responsible Investment, which supports its signatories in incorporating ESG factors into their investment and ownership decisions

-   A key term in all of this discussion isÂ ESGÂ which stands forÂ Environmental,Â SocietalÂ andÂ GovernanceÂ and these factors are used to measure non-financial issues like pollution, deforestation, gender and diversity policies, human rights, customer satisfaction, bribery and corruption, lobbying, executive compensation and many more points showing how "good" companies are at their core. If $120 trillion gets moved from low performing ESG companies to high ones, that's a positive step that we should all be able to get behind.

-   Larry Fink has been pushing hard for CEOs to release ESG data on their companies, this year he sentÂ [this letter](https://www.blackrock.com/corporate/investor-relations/larry-fink-ceo-letter)Â to CEOs, there's a lot to unpack from that letter, here's some key bits:

| Issues Discussed |
| --- |
| - There needs to be more focus on long term investment strategies with a big focus on climate change. |
| - Fink says, "The pandemic has also accelerated deeper trends, from the growing retirement crisis to systemic inequalities" and suggests these need to be addressed |
| - Transitioning to net zero across the board will demandÂ a transformation of the entire economy. |
| - Investors want to invest in ESG companies but they need better information to show which companies are good for sustainability, BlackRock is committed to accelerate their data and analysis capabilities in this area. |
| - Companies need to disclose a plan for how their business model will be compatible with a net zero economy |
| - A standard reporting framework should be used, which will enable investors to make more informed decisions |
| - BlackRock is already carbon neutral in their operations and are committed to supporting the goal of net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 or sooner. |

-   Larry Fink is not the only person pushing hard for ESG data to be released,Â [Gary Gensler of the SEC is looking into these issues too](https://www.cnbc.com/2021/06/23/sec-chair-gensler-is-taking-a-deeper-look-at-esg-investing-issues.html), trying to assess what information is needed from companies to confirm they comply with ESG standards. There have also been various SEC meetings about climate change recently which are undoubtedly talking about issues like this. I can imagine Larry Fink is working closely with the SEC on this.

-   Furthermore, BlackRock has recently changed theirÂ [Aladdin system to include a climate module](https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/85245/blackrock-unveils-aladdin-climate-module)Â to help track which companies are doing well on combating climate issues. To me this reiterates that BlackRock is taking this issue seriously.

-   [This article](https://www.pioneerspost.com/news-views/20210618/capitalism-working-slowly-says-blackrock-s-larry-fink)Â talks about moving towards net-zero carbon emissions and has a quote from Fink that I like:

> "One of the most beautiful things about finance is that if finance understands a problem, that problem is brought forward. We are seeing asset owners moving more capital into more sustainable products and investments."

-   To me that shows big money is finally taking this issue seriously. If there's a plan in motion to transfer trillions of dollars to sustainable companies, surely the US government would be commenting on this too? But no, they seem very quiet on this front. Many articles are saying they're waiting for action from the current government, with barely anything being done towards this so far. ButÂ [this article](https://thehill.com/opinion/energy-environment/528482-john-kerry-reveals-bidens-devotion-to-radical-great-reset-movement)Â says that last year John Kerry (currently serving as the first United States Special Presidential Envoy for Climate) firmly declared that the government will support the Great Reset and thatÂ the Great Reset "will happen with greater speed and with greater intensity than a lot of people might imagine"

-   I may be getting too tinfoil again, but surely you can see how that could be seen as a reference to the MOASS? i.e. The government knows the markets are fucked so they let the MOASS happen, we all get our tendies (happy days) then there's a lot of rebuilding to do, they start by pumping a load of money into ESG companies and get the ball rolling.Â [Articles like this](https://www.theguardian.com/business/2021/jan/26/asset-manager-blackrock-threatens-to-sell-shares-in-worst-climate-polluters)Â show how BlackRock is threatening to pull money out of the worst polluting companies, I believe that the MOASS will be the perfect time and excuse for BlackRock to pull money out of these companies. Plus there's one extra level of support for ESG investment:Â us. We apes know how important climate change is, I've seen dozens if not hundreds of posts on Superstonk talking about all the good we can do post MOASS, well if we have money to spare and feel like investing, I think high scoring ESG companies will be a way to go. We could start making a real difference for this cause.

-   There has been a lot of contention around the idea of BlackRock having people inside the current government such asÂ [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/Superstonk/comments/ms4syp/blackrock_currently_has_3_exmember_inside_the/?utm_source=reddit&utm_medium=usertext&utm_name=Exceedingly&utm_content=t3_nvsoqn)Â byÂ [/u/--GrinAndBearIt--](https://www.reddit.com/u/--GrinAndBearIt--/)Â and various other posts, and many users suggest this is a reason we should not trust BlackRock, but I come to the exact opposite conclusion. BlackRock seems to have helped set up the conditions for the MOASS and want it to happen so that there can be a radical shift towards ESG investment, the MOASS will be the perfect time for them to drop bad-ESG companies and pump that money into good-ESG companies. BlackRock working closely with the government on this is crucial to making sure it all works properly. We're talking about purposefully crashing and resetting the largest market on the planet, I definitely would not want BlackRock going rogue and doing this off their own back, knowing that they're working closely with the current government helps settle my mind that this is probably being controlled so it doesn't lead to all out catastrophe. Larry Fink is also a massive democrat and BlackRock has contributed a lot towards their party, suggesting he supports their goals and ideas. I'm going to be blunt here and say that if anyone thinks BlackRock is bad simply because of their connections to the current government, then they simply do not see the bigger picture of events happening right now.

-   Now what if I told you that a massive shift towards ESG investment was not even the biggest change that Wall Street has planned? What if I told you there has been a plan for years for the DTCC to shift the entire stock market onto an entirely new digital system? I hope that has you interested because we'll explore this in the next section.

SUMMARY:Â The Great Reset is a term for the idea of building back better after the covid crisis. BlackRock is all for this idea and Larry Fink has been pushing for CEOs to release ESG data to show how good companies are for the environment, society and the country as a whole. The SEC is also pushing for this data to be released, so these 2 entities have similar goals it seems. I believe BlackRock has enabled the conditions for the MOASS so the markets will implode on themselves so they will need to be rebuilt, with sustainability in mind. The current government seems to want this end too and John Kerry reportedly said "the Great Reset will happen with greater speed and with greater intensity than a lot of people might imagine". I personally believe BlackRock working closely with the US government on these issues is a good thing, because it shows how they're all working together to remove corruption from the US economy. I finished by saying that the DTCC had other big plans to help remove corruption and we'll look at that below.

* * * * *

* * * * *

9\. CRYPTO MARKETS

-   The DTCC has 2 ongoing projects calledÂ [Project ION](https://www.dtcc.com/~/media/Files/Downloads/settlement-asset-services/user-documentation/project-ION-paper-2020.pdf)Â andÂ [Project Whitney](https://www.dtcc.com/~/media/Files/Downloads/settlement-asset-services/user-documentation/Project-Whitney-Paper.pdf), both of these are looking at digitizing assets to be traded on a blockchain system, specifically on Ethereum. Sound familiar? I genuinely thought that this idea had been missed by Reddit, but shoutout toÂ [/u/BarTPL0](https://www.reddit.com/u/BarTPL0/)Â who caught itÂ [in this post](https://reddit.com/r/Superstonk/comments/mysvq9/dtcc_anticipates_completion_of_prototype/).

-   It seems Project Whitney is focussing on the digitization of securities (for example digitizing GME shares) and Project ION is more focused on improving the trading settlement cycle through blockchain technology.

> Project Ion explores new and alternative settlement models, leveraging the digitization of cash and re-representation of securities, and assesses a potential new accelerated settlement service option

-   Disclaimer time, I do have a bachelors degree in Software Engineering, but when I try and explain crypto to anyoneÂ [I just end up looking like this](https://i.imgur.com/KjSj2uQ.png)Â so I'm just going to give a very high level overview of these and cover some of the benefits, rather than delving into the specifics of how they will function. If any wrinkly brained apes want to dedicate an entire post to Projects Ion & Whitney, I'm sure a lot of people here would appreciate that.

-   The current stock market is built up of layers and layers of entities all talking to each other in order to transfer money from buyers to sellers. The current settlement time for stock trades is T+2, meaning traders have the current day plus 2 days to settle any buy or sell orders. A crypto stock market is capable of turning this into T+0 meaning trades could get settled on the day they're made, that sounds much more efficient right? Crypto markets also eliminate the need for stock brokers, as availability of stock is all visible on the blockchain, which is simply a ledger of trades showing which assets currently sit where and which ones can be bought or sold. This crypto style market would centralize all data for a particular stock where that information is available for everyone to see, while also decentralizing control of that data meaning no one entity can control or corrupt it.

-   If you don't know how blockchain works here's a very simplified analogy (please skip if you already know). Think of a blockchain like a single Excel file that is stored on millions of different computers (called nodes). No one person owns that file and to change anything on it, it has to be agreed by all nodes that the change is a valid request and has the correct encryption keys. Once the change is authorized, the Excel file (aka blockchain) has the amendment made on it and all nodes then update to reflect the change. The Excel file has every trade ever made stored on it, which is why these get called ledgers. You can't simply just write anything on the blockchain file, you need the correct encryption keys to do so, and this means it's protected from malicious entities. If someone owned 1 Eth, that section of the blockchain belongs to them forever, until they decide to sell it - no one else can just come along and write over it. The underlying file for Ethereum is currently 300GB in size, and this only contains text data so that shows you how much data is stored there. It's mainly a load of encryption strings that you wouldn't be able to read, Ethereum uses Keccak-256 encryptionÂ [which you can read about on Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SHA-3)Â (that might help you out if you have trouble sleeping if nothing else).

-   Shitadel has done a fantastic job this year of showcasing how susceptible the current market is to corruption. The T+2 settlement time means that any trade that fails to settle within 3 days should be marked as a "failed to deliver" (FTD), but through the magic of malicious fuckery they've been able to reset that clock so some trades are likely now T+21, T+35 or much bigger. On the topic of GME, an FTD simply means that Shitadel failed to get you a real GME share within 3 days. Ultimately if they can't find you a real GME share, they're obligated to buy the pledge back off you, but they're forced to buy this back at whatever price you set. I'm not getting into price floors or any of that stuff, but you need to understand you're in a very powerful bargaining position here. Shitadel has turned the stock market into a joke, and the T+2 settlement time wasn't even efficient to start with. This fully highlights why a new and much more efficient system is needed.

-   Michael Bodson of the DTCCÂ [gave this interview](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/conversation-mike-bodson-ceo-dtcc-193339186.html)Â which touches on the new blockchain plans, in that he says a problem of switching to a new blockchain system is the difficulty of turning off legacy systems and adopting the new one. InterestinglyÂ Bodson points out how a new DLT system would likely put the DTCC out of business:

> Bodson:Â The way Wall Street created its post trade infrastructure just means that once a trade is executed you have the whole process of clearing and settlement. The change of ownership the record keeping has to go on, it's a series of databases. We have a big golden copy but every firm has a database to have a trading database. They have an operations database they have a credit database so you have all these reconciliations that are happening all over the place with the same basic information used for different purposes. And there's no one centralized, agreed upon view of what that data says or what those transactions are what the positions are, etc etc. If you could actually just have one. Just think about the amount of work you could take out instead of doing replication of work over and over and over again. We just create massive efficiencies.

-   That interview touches on another point Bodson says inÂ [this article](https://www.waterstechnology.com/industry-issues-initiatives/3537491/dtcc-chief-were-going-to-disappear-as-blockchain-evolves)Â (boo paywall):

> It takes a certain level of confidence to be optimistic about your own demise. Mike Bodson has it down to an art form. The chief executive of the Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation (DTCC) is convinced, it seems, that distributed-ledger technology (DLT) will spell the end of the DTCC as the industry knows it. "From where we sit, we were created because you need a golden copy of trade records. We're going to disappear."

-   It does seem Bodson has resigned himself to the fate that the DTCC will eventually become extinct, but I doubt this will happen any time soon. While any company chooses to trade on the current system, there's a need for the DTCC. But let's say the MOASS causes nearly every business in the US to become furious with Shitadel and how they were able to game the system for their own ends, that would surely encourage a lot of businesses to adopt the new DLT system.

-   [Articles like this](https://www.finextra.com/newsarticle/37544/dtcc-puts-dlt-at-front-and-centre-of-shift-to-t1)Â seem to suggest that the current plan is to get a crypto market system with a T+1 cycle, but even that is a big improvement which could be further improved upon in the future. That article is dated Feb this year and it says "The Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation is close to completing work on a prototytpe settlement system based on distributed ledger technology, which could act as the precursor to a US move to a T+1 settlement cycle."

-   So this system wasn't ready as of Feb 2021, but they must be very close to completion now. I would hazard a guess that the timing of the MOASS and the readiness of a crypto stock market system will go hand-in-hand, and the MOASS is being suppressed while the finishing touches are put on this. UserÂ [/u/SamBradfordSuperFan](https://www.reddit.com/u/SamBradfordSuperFan/)Â recently wroteÂ [this post](https://reddit.com/r/Superstonk/comments/okjctq/explaining_the_gme_token_it_has_launched_the/)Â explaining elements of Gamestop's crypto token and how there's a need to wait for an Ethereum update, EIP 1559:

> It addresses one of the critical flaws in current ETH transactions, where transactions can get stalled and not complete in a timely manner if GAS fees are high, making the process more complex and uncertain and sometimes require user intervention, which has contributed to the slow mainstream adoption of ETH for ecommerce type applications

-   The DTCC's papers includeÂ [this timeline](https://i.imgur.com/0msrQrB.png)Â which suggests the blockchain system was meant to be ready in 2020, I consider it likely that the DTCC are waiting on this EIP 1559 protocol update as well as they are using the Ethereum network too. Regarding the MOASS being suppressed, remember it's probably companies like BlackRock and Vanguard who do the margin calling, and they can stall this as long as they want.

-   Speaking of BlackRock, Larry Fink used to be famously against crypto saying that Bitcoin was an "index of money laundering", but he's changed his tune on this saying that Bitcoin will be as important as the gold market in the future. In April 2019, BlackRock hired former Ripple executive Robbie Mitchnick to lead its digital assets area and as of last Christmas they wereÂ [looking to hire a blockchain lead](https://www.ledgerinsights.com/blackrock-is-hiring-a-blockchain-vp/), where the role is to make investments in digital assets and blockchain firms.

-   The president also wanted Michael Barr, who was on Ripple's board of advisors, to be the head of the OCC.Â [Apparently articles like this](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2021-03-08/ex-treasury-official-barr-all-but-ruled-out-for-occ-nomination)Â say that never came about, but crypto experts do seem to be getting pushed into top positions everywhere. There are clearly plans in motion for all of this.

-   Now I want to talk aboutÂ Gary Gensler. I'm honestly very disappointed in a lot of you who have given him a hard time on Superstonk, I'm gonna say this as politely as I can;Â can we all please chill the fuck out with the same asinine Gary Gensler memes getting posted over and over; "dear SEC, please do your job", "it's only his 12th week on the job", "he finally found the power switch for his PC" etc.Â Gensler is an expert in crypto, he's taught it at MIT so he's clearly an industry expert on this stuff. He was brought on at the time the DTCC's crypto system was supposed to be ready, soÂ he's clearly here for the purpose of helping to introduce and police a new crypto stock market system which will undoubtedly include digitized GME assets, you know - that stock you like. Please just show a modicum of dignity and respect for this man, becauseÂ he's clearly here to help you, not hurt you. /rant over

-   Gensler was brought on to replaceÂ [Jay Clayton](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jay_Clayton_(attorney))Â who was the previous president's man. Chairs of the SEC are meant to serve 5 year terms, and Clayton only served 3 years before he resigned. Gensler replaced him and there was a possibility that Gensler might have only been brought on to complete Clayton's remaining 2 years, but Gensler got a brand new term of 5 years. To me that says the government really wants him here and he's here for a purpose. I believe that purpose is to introduce the US to a crypto market system.

-   Speaking of Jay Clayton, he was made chair of the SEC by the previous president and on this appointment the president said "we need to undo many regulations which have stifled investment in American businesses". Back in 2017 when the previous president was inaugurated he was very friendly with Ken Griffin and I'd wager these two definitely had some business between them. If you look atÂ [Shitadel's revenue by year](https://i.imgur.com/veLuZPU.png)Â do you see that giant leap between 2017 and 2018? I would honestly put some of that down to whatever support the previous president via the SEC was giving Shitadel. Plus this would have been perfect time to start some new big shorting plan (*cough*Â GME) where Shitadel had the support of the president and could help get various regulations changed or removed. I don't have the wrinkles to look into all this too much, but others can if they want.

-   [This article](https://blog.stomarket.com/list-of-all-central-bank-digital-currency-and-stablecoin-initiatives-1bb6f6d61ea3)Â says that there are currently 45 countries working on CBDCs (central bank digital currencies), and yes the Fed is working on a Digital Dollar. This will likely be something Project Whitney will be looking at. I don't have the energy left to dig into this too much, so if anyone else wants to be my guest. One other point I will say here though is that I don't expect a blockchain based stock market to instantly eliminate all problems we have with the current system, we've all seen how Shitadel is somehow manipulating certain crypto currencies for their own gain. I'm sure they'll find some way to abuse digital stocks too, but in theory this should remove a lot of the current problems.

-   I honestly don't know what Gamestop's immediate crypto announcement will be, but ultimately they're likely to trade their stock on this new DLT (distributed ledger technology) system.Â [Articles like this](https://www.techtelegraph.co.uk/gamestop-and-bitcoin-renewed-a-push-to-digitize-the-stock-market/)Â share this idea, that Gamestop is working towards digitizing the stock market, check this out:

> Imagine a world where you could buy stocks, bonds, derivatives, cryptocurrencies or even pieces of art, all on one exchange, 24 hours a day, seven days a week, from anywhere in the world.

> On this exchange, trades occur directly between two investors instead of through a complex latticework of brokers, clearinghouses and other middlemen and gatekeepers. They settle, or close, almost instantly, instead of taking up to two days. The system is cheaper, more transparent and ostensibly more open.

-   Sounds pretty good, right? The article goes on to say how a company called Blockchain.com has already built the infrastructure needed. Founded in 2011, that company attempted to grow but was stymied because the existing financial industry wouldn't extend basic services to crypto companies. Blockchain.com had to go on to build the services themselves and today they offer trading, custody, clearing and settlement services to retail and institutional clients trading crypto. The company can now replicate every service in the traditional capital markets. So this technology isn't exactly new, but it received push back from the existing markets in the past. It almost seems like we need a big market crash so everyone can start understanding the need for this...

-   I'm gonna finish this section by sayingÂ BE PATIENT. The DTCC are working on this new system, Gamestop might be working with them, Gensler is likely on the sidelines getting ready to introduce this new system. Plans are in motion and getting impatient about all of this does no one any good. Show mayoman Ken that your hands are made of the toughest diamond around and that you can wait patiently to bring his empire crashing down.

SUMMARY:Â The DTCC have been working on Projects ION and Whitney since 2015, which aim to bring about a new blockchain based stock market. Shitadel have done an amazing job showing how the current system can be abused and why change is needed. As of Feb this year, the DTCC's new system was not ready, and I think the date of the MOASS might be linked to the completion date of this system. Gary Gensler was obviously brought on to help manage this new crypto system, as he's a crypto expert who has taught this subject at MIT. Larry Fink softened towards crypto in recent years so I believe he would be in favor of a DLT (distributed ledger technology) market. The Fed is also looking into making their own CBDC (central bank digital currency) which I think will get called the Digital Dollar, and this is likely tied in to this new blockchain system. Gamestop's crypto announcement could well be linked to the DTCC's new system, I very much encourage other apes to dig into this stuff. Final message is BE PATIENT and trust your tendies are coming.

* * * * *

* * * * *

10\. Negative Sentiment

-   I firmly believe that there has been a big FUD campaign against BlackRock for at least the past year, similar to the one we've seen with Gamestop. Ironically, I wouldn't have spotted this if it wasn't for the Gamestop FUD, that's definitely helped open my eyes and shown me you need to question even large MSM companies. How many times have you seen someone on Superstonk posting about the evils of BlackRock and how they're buying up every property in sight or how they're massive supporters of polluting companies because they've held large stakes in oil companies or how their influence is dangerous and you shouldn't trust them? What if I told you most of this is all FUD made by twitter accounts like CulturalHusbandry and other shill accounts?

-   [Look at this post on Superstonk](https://old.reddit.com/r/Superstonk/comments/o0mxbu/remember_blackrock_is_not_our_friend_just_an/), it's a screenshot of a Tweet with no evidence to back it up yet it got over 5k votes. I'm going to address the housing issue right now. BlackRock's real estate portfolio is tiny compared to other companies:

| 2018 Real Estate Portfolio |
| --- |
| BlackRockÂ managedÂ [$24 billion](https://hub.ipe.com/asset-manager/blackrock-real-estate/415464.supplier)Â in real estate |
| BlackstoneÂ (an entirely different company) had overÂ [$150 billion](https://content.fortune.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/02/BLA_CHART_01.png?w=810)Â in real estate |
| Annaly Capital ManagementÂ hadÂ [$105 billion](https://www.macrotrends.net/stocks/charts/NLY/annaly-capital-management-inc/total-assets)Â in real estate |
| American Tower CorporationÂ hadÂ [$33 billion](https://www.macrotrends.net/stocks/charts/AMT/american-tower/total-assets)Â in real estate |

-   My point here is that there are there are other companies who have far bigger real estate portfolios than BlackRock, and due to BlackRock's immense AUM their amount is going to be a far smaller % proportionally. Articles likeÂ [this one](https://www.vox.com/22524829/wall-street-housing-market-blackrock-bubble)Â andÂ [this one](https://misbar.com/en/factcheck/2021/06/11/no-evidence-of-blackrock-buying-up-neighborhoods)Â show that the idea of BlackRock buying every property simply isn't true, or at least it's greatly exaggerated.

-   And it's not just the housing issue, every time BlackRock has an article saying something positive they're doing, two more will get released arguing the point and saying how BlackRock are hypocrites. Fink wrote letter to CEOs in 2019 saying climate change is an important issue that they need to take seriously, and then articlesÂ [like this](https://www.theguardian.com/business/2019/may/21/blackrock-investor-climate-crisis-blackrock-assets)Â popped up saying how BlackRock are the biggest investors in fossil fuel and that they should practice what they preach.

-   Regarding BlackRock holding shares in polluting companies, Larry Fink likes to exercise his right to vote against company directors.Â [This article](https://theguardian.com/business/2020/sep/17/blackrock-votes-against-49-companies-for-lack-of-climate-crisis-progress)Â says: "BlackRock announced in its annual investment stewardship report that it cast more than 5,100 votes against company directors in the past 12 months to hold management to account for failing to make headway on a range of issues, from environmental goals and corporate strategy to board diversity. This was 300 more than in the previous year". This clearly shows a reason why Fink would hold stock with poor performing ESG companies, he likes to try and sway their decision making to become better. Fink often speaks out against companies for reasons like pollution, sexism, racism etc.

-   I've been reading through some of the drivel on that CulturalHusbandry twitter account, and holy fuck I'm starting to think this is Ken Griffin behind that account. They're deeply against the current government, BlackRock and the idea of the 'Great Reset'. Seriously they wroteÂ [this whole article](https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1403033377234690055.html)Â on why the Great Reset is just a scam and how the tax payer will foot the bill and how BlackRock can't be trusted. This person clearly has an axe to grind with BlackRock and they've been spewing this BS for so long that even Reddit users are picking up on it and retweeting it. My only ask here is that you do the same as you've done with Gamestop and do your ownÂ ~~double down~~Â due diligence. You're a smart ape capable of googling as well as anyone, please don't take anything you read at face value anymore (this post included, research yourself!)

-   The idea of 'The Great Reset' has also received FUD,Â [this UK BBC article](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/blogs-trending-57532368)Â shows how it went viral on Facebook last November and became a conspiracy theory. Apparently Canada's Trudeau gave a speech saying the pandemic provided an opportunity for a "reset", and that article goes on to say:

> "but some claimed his speech was proof that global leaders were using the pandemic as a pretext to introduce a range of socialist and environmental policies. Thousands of [previous president] supporters boosted this idea. They claimed that that a victory for [the previous president] in November's election was the only chance to thwart the so-called secret plot."

-   I don't mean this to get political at all, I'm just showing how these ideas got spread and how the idea of the Great Reset started looking like a conspiracy. I can easily imagine that Shitadel & Co's MSM connections helped spread negative messages about this.

-   I nearly didn't include this point as it may come across as controversial, but earlier this year (January 26 2021 to be precise) Larry Fink sent that letter out to hundreds of CEOs with the theme of ESG and sustainability, a part of his letter touches on racism and other discrimination in the workplace. Well literally just 6 days later an ex-BlackRock employee, Essma Bengabsia, wroteÂ [this piece](https://essma-bengabsia.medium.com/metoo-at-blackrock-720b2f89f6d8)Â on how she suffered from Islamophobia, racism, sexism and general harassment while she worked at BlackRock from July 2018 to May 2019. It's a very well written account and the points she raises are horrible to read. You need to understand that I believe her story 100%, I've worked as a manager in 2 major banks and I've seen this kind of discrimination first hand and have had to discipline people for it, so I can fully accept this kind of thing happens in giant companies like BlackRock too. These issues are rampant and need to be taken seriously, so I trust Essma and she comes across well, but consider this: she sat on this story for 2 years and then released this within a week of Larry Fink preaching about weeding out racism and other discrimination. It could just be a coincidence that she chose to publish this right after Fink's letter. In her piece she saysÂ *"I wrote this shortly after I left BlackRock in 2019 but delayed publishing due to my own hesitation"*, so fair enough. I fully understand that going through traumatic events like that can take a long time to process and deal with, and you'll especially need to be in the right mindset to release a story like that to the world.

-   But is it not a possibility that she had previously gone to news stations with her story, they accepted it but told her to wait publishing it until a time that fit their agenda? Within 4 days her petition had thousands of signatures and had been picked up byÂ [Businessinsider.com](https://www.businessinsider.com/thousands-sign-petition-discrimination-former-blackrock-employee-essma-bengabsia-allegations-2021-2?r=US&IR=T). One of the authors of that article was Rebecca Ungarino who was a previous producer at CNBC and we all know CNBC is a fair and unbiased company /s. I dont know, maybe I'm coming across too tin foil hat right now but the timing of this just smells off to me.

-   Either way, google BlackRock and you'll get a mixed bag of positive and negative messages just like with Gamestop and I don't think that's a coincidence. If Shitadel & Co know BlackRock has worked against them to cause the MOASS, then of course they'd be pissed off and would disparage BlackRock every chance they got. As DFV said in his original Gamestop thesis, "The negative sentiment is just so overdone". Please please please do your own research going forward and don't fall into the FUD traps.

SUMMARY:Â Just like with Gamestop, there seems to have been a FUD campaign against BlackRock. Everytime something good comes out about them, you'll see just as many articles saying something negative and why you shouldn't trust them. My theory is that Shitadel & Co know that BlackRock has been working against them and now they're using the same tactics as they're doing with Gamestop. My request to you here is to not take everything you read at face value and do your own research. I'm not telling you to blindly trust BlackRock, but I'm saying they might not be the monsters you think they are if you've bought into the FUD campaign. As DFV said, "The negative sentiment is overdone". Always do you own research.

* * * * *

* * * * *

11\. Conclusion

-   I don't know about you but I feel like we've been on a journey together. I really hope I've helped open your eyes to some new information and maybe some of you can even go on to research further things from this post. I believe Gamestop is a unique situation that didn't happen by random chance. I think there have been moves made over at least the last 4 years to turn it into a ticking time bomb that can be used to bring down the entire global economic system, which will clear a path for a new wave of ESG investment and advancements into a new blockchain based system. I don't know when the MOASS will happen, but my personal opinion is that it's being delayed until the crypto based markets in the background are finished so there can be a smooth transition from our current messed up system to the new one. I do honestly believe 100% that the DTCC, the SEC and massive companies like BlackRock want the MOASS to happen because it will give the perfect opportunity for the new systems to come in.

-   Apes, I believe we're a part of the latest global revolution and you are a key part of this. Your diamond hands are bringing about change and could well be helping to save the Earth by bringing about an age of ESG investment. Even if I'm wrong about everything in this post and my speculation is way off the mark, ESG is still going to be a massively important issue and if you choose to invest post MOASS I encourage you to do so with ESG and sustainability in mind.

Thank you for reading.
